README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">AlayaCare Cypress - QA Automation Challenge 🚀</h1>


## What is this?
A set of take-home questions to assess your technical skills with Cypress. After cloning and setting yourself up, you
will have a small scale web application against which you will write test assertions. Step by step instructions will introduce
you to common situations we are currently facing at work.  

#### ⚠️ Important 
Submit answers that YOU think are the most relevant, there is NO right or wrong answers!

## What's next?
Follow these steps to get a local version of this project:
```bash
# Clone the project in /cypress-interview-handbook
git clone https://github.com/AlayaCare/cypress-interview-handbook

# Install dependencies
cd cypress-interview-handbook
npm ci

# Start the webapp
npm run start

# In another terminal, to start Cypress
npm run cy:open

# In another terminal, specific to the second section:
npm run start:section-2
```

## To submit your solution
Create a fork of this repo and send the link to your interviewer. 

## Sample criteria you will be judged on
- Overall structure of the presented code
- Proper usage of page objects
- Testing problems are green and asserting the right scenarios

Commit message:

added windows support for serving

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">AlayaCare Cypress - QA Automation Challenge 🚀</h1>


## What is this?
A set of take-home questions to assess your technical skills with Cypress. After cloning and setting yourself up, you
will have a small scale web application against which you will write test assertions. Step by step instructions will introduce
you to common situations we are currently facing at work.  

#### ⚠️ Important 
Submit answers that YOU think are the most relevant, there is NO right or wrong answers!

## What's next?
Follow these steps to get a local version of this project:
```bash
# Clone the project in /cypress-interview-handbook
git clone https://github.com/AlayaCare/cypress-interview-handbook

# Install dependencies
cd cypress-interview-handbook
npm ci

# Start the webapp (macOS/Linux)
npm run start

# Start the webapp (Windows)
npm run start:windows

# In another terminal, to start Cypress
npm run cy:open

# In another terminal, specific to the second section:
npm run start:section-2
```

## To submit your solution
Create a fork of this repo and send the link to your interviewer. 

## Sample criteria you will be judged on
- Overall structure of the presented code
- Proper usage of page objects
- Testing problems are green and asserting the right scenarios
